- [Instructor] Let's install Istio
on our Amazon EKS cluster, and have some fun with it.
In the GitHub repo there's a link to a blog post
that provides complete details
about how you can get started with Istio on Amazon EKS.
It explains Istio architecture
and how you can get started with it.
For convenience, we have summarized the command here.
The first thing we need to do is download Istio.
Copy the command here.
In our terminal, I'm in the home directory.
Give the command.
This is going to download the latest Istio release.
Now notice that this is Istio 1.0.5.
We need to include Istio bin directory in our path.
And the convenient command for that.
So copy it, paste it,
and now Istio bin directory is in our path.
The only thing remaining
to essentially get Istio up and running
in our Kubernetes cluster is to install Istio.
So let's go to our Istio directory here,
and there is a Helm chart
that is already available for Istio.
So we're going to say helm, install,
run this in a synchronus mode,
call this deployment Istio.
In the namespace, Istio system,
and the helm chart by itself is in the directory install,
Kubernetes, helm, Istio.
Because we are doing this in a synchronus mode,
it'll read for all the images to be downloaded
and configured and install, and now Istio is ready to roll.
Let's take a look at what pods
have been installed as part of this.
Kubectl, get pods,
and remember our namespace was Istio system.
And so you can see all the pods have also been installed.
And this completes our Istio installation
on the Amazon EKS cluster.